README.md, before:

# gendreapp

Predict gender from contact name. Gendre enriches Android contact titles (Mr., Ms., M.) with the gender inferred from a contact name.

![GenderApp](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/namsor/gendreapp/master/gendre_logo_v128.png)

Get Gendre_v006 now:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/namsor/gendreapp/master/dist/Gendre_v006.apk

Get the latest dev version:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/namsor/gendreapp/master/bin/Gendre.apk

We recommend backing up your contacts before running the program.

## Features
- Possibility to choose between three Title formats : Classic (Ms.,Mr.,M.), Gender (♀,♂,∅), Heart (♥,♤,♢), Chinese (女, 男) or Custom
- The gender prediction runs as a background service (every 10 sec, or 1 min, or 10 min or 1 hour)
- Your existing Title data (Mr., Dr. etc.) is not overwritten, unless you specifically request a wipe 
- Once all contacts are genderized, the App shows a summary of how many Female / Male contacts were detected
- You can share this #funstat on Twitter, G+, Facebook if you like

## Known issues
- Facebook contacts don't seem to be synchronized in Android the way other contacts are synchronized (LinkedIn, Google,...)
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/23195352/query-android-contacts-synchronized-from-facebook

## Gender API
GenderApp uses the GendreAPI for name gender prediction. This is a free Application Programming Interface (API) to predict the gender of a personal name on a -1 (Male) to +1 (Female) scale, for a given geography/locale. You can test it directly from your web browser, entering this kind URL:
http://api.onomatic.com/onomastics/api/gendre/John/Smith/us
returns  -0.99 (ie. Male)  

![GenderApp](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/namsor/gendreapp/master/20140323_Gendre_pic1.png)
![GenderApp](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/namsor/gendreapp/master/20140323_Gendre_pic2.png)

## License

    Copyright 2014 NamSor Applied Onomastics

    Licensed under the GPLv2

Commit message:

added localization support
added localization support and French UI

README.md, after:

# gendreapp

Predict gender from contact name. Gendre enriches Android contact titles (Mr., Ms., M.) with the gender inferred from a contact name.

![GenderApp](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/namsor/gendreapp/master/gendre_logo_v128.png)

Get Gendre_v006 now:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/namsor/gendreapp/master/dist/Gendre_v006.apk

Get the latest dev version:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/namsor/gendreapp/master/bin/Gendre.apk

We recommend backing up your contacts before running the program.

## Features
- Possibility to choose between three Title formats : Classic (Ms.,Mr.,M.), Gender (♀,♂,∅), Heart (♥,♤,♢), Chinese (女, 男) or Custom
- The gender prediction runs as a background service (every 10 sec, or 1 min, or 10 min or 1 hour)
- Your existing Title data (Mr., Dr. etc.) is not overwritten, unless you specifically request a wipe 
- Once all contacts are genderized, the App shows a summary of how many Female / Male contacts were detected
- You can share this #funstat on Twitter, G+, Facebook if you like

## Known issues
- Facebook contacts don't seem to be synchronized in Android the way other contacts are synchronized (LinkedIn, Google,...) so GendRE cannot enrich gender, but you can include Facebook contacts in the statistics
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/23195352/query-android-contacts-synchronized-from-facebook

## Languages and Localization
GendRE works with all international names (with very few exceptions). To help with translation/localization of the user interface, please visit
https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/gendre-gender-app/
It helps if you can run the software once, to see the main messages in context.

## Gender API
GenderApp uses the GendreAPI for name gender prediction. This is a free Application Programming Interface (API) to predict the gender of a personal name on a -1 (Male) to +1 (Female) scale, for a given geography/locale. You can test it directly from your web browser, entering this kind URL:
http://api.onomatic.com/onomastics/api/gendre/John/Smith/us
returns  -0.99 (ie. Male)  

![GenderApp](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/namsor/gendreapp/master/20140323_Gendre_pic1.png)
![GenderApp](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/namsor/gendreapp/master/20140323_Gendre_pic2.png)

## License

    Copyright 2014 NamSor Applied Onomastics

    Licensed under the GPLv2
